[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Without further ado, let's
give a big round of applause
and welcome Kaia
Ra to the stage.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Thank you so much, Karen.
[CHEERING]
I'm so happy to see you.
Wow.
Thank you for coming.
I know some of you have traveled
so far to be here this evening,
and I just want to say
thank you for this,
to be that important
to you that you
wanted to be here this evening.
It's an honor to
be here, and I'd
like to thank Conscious
Life Expo for inviting me
back this year, as well
as the Gaia platform.
It's just great to be here
with this community again.
So I'd like to start
with an opening prayer.
We've got some pretty deep
topics to cover this evening,
and what I have found in
my ministry, especially
the last year--
I traveled all over the
world for this ministry,
and what I have found is that
we can talk about any topic
through Christ
consciousness and stay out
of the spiritual warfare of it.
Does that make sense?
We don't have to
fall prey to dualism
or stay in that polarized state
for us to birth a new paradigm.
Actually, we have to birth
beyond this current paradigm.
But that doesn't mean
that we don't discuss
what we're living
through, which is
the transition from this
current paradigm into the one
that we're actively birthing
while surviving the old one,
right?
We don't put our
heads in the sand,
that there is
literally a spirit--
there is a spiritual war
being waged over this planet.
And it's OK to talk
about that when we're not
coming from a victimhood place
but from a place within us that
knows that we came here as
the answer to our own prayers.
Right?
Yeah.
Thank you.
[APPLAUSE]
And I don't say that lightly.
As some of you know from
the preface of my book,
"The Sophia Code," I personally
survived some of the darkest
atrocities that you can
survive on this planet,
so my personal embodiment,
the microcosm of my life,
is a testimony to what we
can heal in the macrocosm.
So it's-- hi.
So it's really
important to remember
how vital your embodiment
of these teachings of Sophia
Christ consciousness is making
an impact for dissolving
the old paradigm
while simultaneously
birthing the new paradigm.
When we talk about
divine feminine
or divine masculine
Christ consciousness,
what we're talking about is a--
excuse me-- leadership.
What we're talking
about is a leadership
that can't be regurgitated.
It's not about keeping
all your facts straight.
It's not about remembering
every line in a book
and having all
the right answers.
It's about that
authentic embodiment
of this consciousness.
I think we have a
microphone up here
that might be in conflict,
so we might want to--
yeah.
We're talking about embodying
this consciousness in such
a way that you are always in the
right place at the right time,
and you don't have
to figure out what
to say because it's being
downloaded into you directly
from your own higher self,
and your own higher self
is directly connected
to the source.
Now, I'm sure there's many
people in this room that
know that, but there is millions
upon millions of human beings
that do not, and that's
the crisis we're in.
The crisis that we're
in is that there are so
many traditional forms of
programming on this planet
that are designed to
separate us from the truth
that we are sovereign,
holy, and divine,
and that we have absolute access
to all information that we
need, including how to
impact the lives of others,
directly from our own source.
So we're in this journey
right now that I like--
one of my favorite words
is "reconciliation."
We're in a journey
of reconciliation
with our own sovereign divinity
through divine feminine Christ
consciousness first,
because we are so
wounded by the patriarchy as a
collective, men and women both.
This is not just
women being wounded.
We are all suffering from
the patriarchal programming
that we've been surviving
for centuries now, right?
So when we step into divine
feminine Christ consciousness,
we're stepping into the
consciousness that intuitively
knows how to receive the
healings that we need
to then become whole enough
in ourselves to identify what
the real true meaning of divine
masculine Christ consciousness
is.
But we are completely blinded.
Most of humanity is so wounded
that it's blinded to the--
can't even conceive what
a healed, whole expression
of the divine masculine is.
So this is why, when the
ascended masters of the Sophia
Dragon Tribe invited me to take
on the commission of birthing
the Sophia code, the
codex, they said, you
need to start with divine
feminine Christ consciousness.
And I said, I--
what about the other
half of the population?
I'm for human consciousness.
And it was because
I myself needed
to be so reconciled with divine
feminine Christ consciousness
that they were showing
me the way to coming
into the wholeness
where I could perceive
the beauty and the power
and the majesty of how
the divine masculine
and the divine feminine
are meant to complement each
other and lift one another up.
We have a long way to
go with that journey,
and so what I've been focusing
on for the past three years is
teaching, surprisingly, both
men, women, and non-binary
identified individuals how to
lead through divine feminine
Christ consciousness.
That begins with a
process that we call
embodying your higher self.
So for those of you who are
very familiar with my work
and have come here
tonight, don't worry.
We'll get to the
fireworks soon, but--
[CHUCKLING]
I just want to give a background
to all of the beautiful Earth
angels that we have
here that aren't
familiar with this codex, so
thank you for your patience.
So we call that embodying
your higher self, and--
OK, so in "The
Sophia Code," that
is a journey of learning
how to surrender
into your own
divinity that can then
begin to operate
your human awareness,
very much like a supercomputer.
You are a supercomputer.
I don't think there's
anyone in this room that
would argue with that.
We're all pretty conscious
beings in this room.
But your higher self is the
majority of the supercomputer,
and your human body-- you
can think about it more
like the hardware.
So there's a massive
operating system
that can be activated
within you that we
call a divine genome
that interfaces
in the sub-atomic universe
of your biological DNA.
When you activate this through
a series of initiations
that we provide in the first
book of this codex, what
happens is bridges
of light are being
built between your divine genome
and your carbon-based DNA.
And what we say is you
go on a dragon ride
because your ego structure
starts to flip out for a while.
And so in our year
one curriculum,
we teach that that's OK.
You can have all your
feelings about being
both divine and human and
the stars that collide
when you wake up to the
fact that that's what
wants to integrate within you.
Your divinity wants to
operate your human awareness
in every area of your life
and every moment of your life.
And when that happens,
everything comes into alignment
with the consciousness
of source energy
that knows how to orchestrate
your life perfectly, way
better than your human
ideas about that.
And that's never going
to change, no matter
how advanced you
get on this path,
no matter how much you're
embodying your divinity.
You'll always catch yourself
in that moment where
your human ideas about how
something's supposed to happen,
right?
And then the divine
download shows up.
And wow, I couldn't
even plan that.
Good thing I'm surrendered
every day to the prayer that's
praying me, right?
I want to get in
alignment with that.
That's more grace, more
ease, more prosperity,
more communion, more
connection, more success, more
getting over myself to
get into myself, right?
Yeah, let's do that.
Way better than fighting
against yourself,
sabotaging yourself, hating
yourself, thinking you
are unworthy of who you are.
And that's the root of
so many of our issues,
of our deepest
wounding is with one
another, that drive to
compete, that drive to compare.
It's because we're so focused
on the outward instead
of really learning how to
accept how much we've already
been given and choosing to
radiate that and express
that in this world as the
medicine that we need.
So let's just take a
moment to say this prayer,
because I want to talk
about some issues,
but I want to do that first,
through setting the space
through this consciousness.
Prayer is simply
setting an intention,
so you don't-- there's
no wrong way to do it.
You can close your eyes.
You can keep your eyes open.
It's all good.
You practice breathing.
Holy Mother, Holy Father,
Sophia's source of all life,
thank you for this
amazing opportunity
to gather together with
all of these amazing souls
that you've created in
your image and likeness
and in nothing less than that.
We call into your
one source light
that exists within each
and every one of us.
And we willingly
invoke divine will
to govern this space
for the next 90 minutes,
the divine will that seeks to
prosper every single person
here live and on this live
broadcast and at the replay.
Your spirit, your Holy
Spirit, your Buddhic light
is reaching out through each of
our hearts and into our minds
and baptizing us right
now in this moment
into an even deeper remembrance
of who we really are.
So we welcome this light
that is our own light.
We share it with you.
We are you, and you are us.
And we allow this
pure, crystalline light
of Sophia Christ consciousness
to wash through us,
to bless us, knowing that
this light comes from above us
and is beneath us, but it also
radiates out from within us
so that we can bravely and
courageously look at this world
outside of us with
eyes to see and ears
to hear to perceive reality
the way you perceive reality,
Holy Mother, Holy
Father of all life.
The way you perceive reality
is through your unconditional
love, through your
unconditional compassion,
and through unconditional grace,
that there is a divine plan
to heal, prosper,
and reconcile all.
And we are here to be
a part of that plan,
because we all grow
brighter and stronger as we
receive your presence
moving through us.
That is us.
We also call forth the presence
of your holy messengers,
the ascended masters who walk
just a little bit ahead of us
to show us the way of what
it would look like to become
ascended masters ourselves--
angels in human form.
And so we welcome the
first eight key codes
that are revealed in your
divine feminine Christ
codex, the Sophia Code.
We welcome ascended master
Isis, she of 1,000 names.
Keycode 1.
We welcome Keycode 2, Hathor,
she of a thousand voices
and the Hathor star nation.
We welcome Keycode 3, Green
Tara, she of a thousand stars
and her order of
[INAUDIBLE] angels.
We welcome Keycode 4, Mother
Mary, she of a thousand roses
blessing this space and
activating the space
into the highest frequencies
of your Shekinah light.
We welcome Keycode 5,
our overlighting mentor
for this evening's
workshop, Mary Magdalene,
she of a thousand angels.
She also arrives with
ascended master Jesus
and the entire
order of Magdalene,
including grandmother
Anna and Joan of Arc.
We welcome Keycode 6, Quan
Yin, she of a thousand waters
and Mahavatar Babaji.
We welcome Keycode 7, White
Buffalo Woman and the White
Buffalo Star Nation,
some of which
who have incarnated
into their forms
as an answered
prophecy at this time.
Finally, we welcome
the holy Seraphim,
the Sophia Dragons,
Keycode 777, she
who births sovereign creators.
We also welcome the
many orders of angels
that are here attending to us.
We welcome all of
our guardian angels.
the magical ones
from across this multiverse
that may have different forms
or faces than yours.
But they too are in an
interstellar mission
to bring Christ consciousness
into this world and to others.
And so we welcome Keycode
999, our Star Nation Families,
our lineages of light, but most
importantly, Holy Mother Sophia
God, Holy Father Sophia God.
We welcome the presence
of everyone's higher self
descending now as waterfalls of
light through each of our crown
chakras.
Everyone has a higher self.
Don't worry.
You've got one if you've
never met your higher self.
Everyone got one.
And you can think about
your crown chakra as a door.
And you could start
to think about--
or a field-- another download
of your higher self coming
to live inside your
body like a waterfall
of light pouring through
your crown chakra right now.
10, nine, eight, seven, six,
five, four, three, two, one.
And I'd also like to
invite you to ground
to the center of the Earth.
I know there's a lot
happening with the Earth.
So sometimes, lightworkers
feel a little nervous
about connecting to the planet.
But the truth is that
in the Sophia Code,
we call the Earth Sophia Gaia.
And Sophia Gaia loves you.
And a big part of
our get to mission
as Earth angels is to stay
connected to the Earth
no matter how much these
dark agendas want us
to disconnect from the Earth.
Does that make sense?
Our power comes by
staying connected, not
all of our power, but
a part of our power
comes from our relationship
with the Earth.
She's very, very powerful.
So just feeling a
beautiful grounding
cord dropping from your root,
yeah, so much fun, right?
Welcome to the dragon ride.
Connect into that Earth.
And feel that foundation
that the Earth has never
forsaken you.
There's no hell
inside of her other
than the ones the
humans make up.
It's truly heaven.
She's truly a Christed being.
To be able to live inside
her body with your body, wow,
it's like you never
left the womb.
It's just amazing,
the concept of it.
Good.
Everybody looks really
bright and shiny now.
And [LAUGHTER] one final thing.
I'd like to invite
everyone in the room
that if everybody's come from
all different things that
happen today, this week,
the past few months.
Oh my god, it's been so
intense the past few months.
Ooh.
I invite you that whatever
burdens that you've
come in here tonight
with, or any energies that
have been afflicting
you, or maybe you're
having difficulty
with some ancestors,
I invite you to now just
allow the ascended masters
and the angels that surround
you to support your higher self.
And you can escort these
energies outside the door.
And if you'd like to pick
them back up on your way out.
[LAUGHTER]
We're not taking anything
away from you, I promise.
We would never do that.
But this is what's called
a divine intervention,
a moment of grace.
So if you'd like to allow for
any burdens or any hardships,
anything that you've just
been really struggling
with trying to figure
out, and there's just--
so you might feel
like you're stuck,
just allow maybe one of these
ascended masters or a guardian
angel to take that individual
or that issue by the hand
and say, come on, dear.
Come on outside.
Let's let her/him just have
a moment to themselves here.
Yeah, you get to have this
moment all to yourself.
You deserve it.
Most of us are starving
for a time with source
because we're so busy.
This is your time
here in this workshop.
And my prayer is that by
the end of this workshop,
you will feel deeply regenerated
and at peace with how
magnificent you really are.
So thank you for
taking a moment to step
into the space of prayer
together, set the fields,
set our intention
to deeply receive
a much larger remembrance
of who we are.
Everyone feel a little better?
OK, good.
Feeling good is it's like
some kind of victorious feat
in our world.
[LAUGHTER] I mean,
we are just slammed
with so many responsibilities,
so many commitments.
Our world is moving
at hyperspeed.
And it can feel so overwhelming
when we don't connect
with other Earth angels.
So I just want to
thank you again
for taking this
time to be in a room
with so many people that care
this much about the Earth's
future and humanity's
future as you do.
So often in our lives,
we navigate the field
of so many people that just,
they're either completely
asleep, they've
either-- or they've
been zombified by the
system, and they don't even
know how to get their
way out of a paper bag,
god bless their souls.
But they really are that wounded
and toxified that sometimes it
feels like just going
to the grocery store
is like walking
through a minefield.
[LAUGHTER]
Right?
It's like your daily
practice becomes
how to pray in traffic,
how to get through the post
office in a good way.
Right?
Where you're able
to bless that person
instead of curse them
out in your head.
It's like may that be my prayer.
We're living in a
very complex world.
And what I have found personally
is that understanding who I am
has alleviated a lot
of that burden of being
in a world that feels so
foreign and unfamiliar to me.
Does that make sense?
When you understand how
important and special you are--
and that doesn't mean that
you're tripping on your ego.
And you think you're more
special than anybody else.
It just means that
you're finally
accepting how special you are.
When you allow that knowingness
to begin to nourish your heart,
it brings great purpose
to the post office,
and the praying in traffic, and
the raising of our children,
and any act of
kindness and generosity
that we're willing to
embody in a courageous way
when the world would have you
just behave like everyone else
because that's
what's safer to do.
And the truth is
that we no longer
have the luxury of not
stepping into our higher self
embodiment and our leadership.
I love you all so very much.
I can't tell you.
Bless their hearts.
I have people that
come up to me.
Well, I'm retired now.
So good job, honey,
for leading the cause.
And I'm just like,
we're not going
to have a planet here for you
to retire to if we're not all
leading together.
Like we are really
at that moment.
Depending on where you're
getting your news sources from,
it's a really big deal,
this moment that we're
standing at right now.
Half of the world's
species are extinct.
The ecosystem is
potentially about
to collapse from geoengineering.
We have a full-blown child
rape trafficking situation
worldwide that most of our
governments are controlled by.
Most of our food
and water is poison.
The world's covered in plastic.
And most people are
filled with toxins
and do not know how to cleanse.
They do not know how to allow
their bodies to rejuvenate
themselves so that
they can actually feel
their connection to the divine.
Why would our connection to
the divine be so important?
It's because that's,
number one, the healing
solution to all suffering.
But it's also the
source of regeneration
in a world that's on the brink.
This is a pivotal
moment where we've all
got to understand that none
of us can rest on our laurels,
no matter how much we
have led in the past.
The only way we create and
birth a new reality that
moves us beyond this
very pivotal moment
is if we do it together.
This is no longer
the age of the guru.
I do not want to
be anybody's guru.
You can ask anybody on my team.
The thought makes me sick.
We're here to do this together.
We're here to lead side
by side, wing to wing.
[APPLAUSE]
So that's a little bit
about how I feel about that.
[LAUGHTER]
I've spent most of
my life committed
to activating as many human
beings as I possibly can.
And my prayer is that
everyone in this room,
and everyone that your heart
touches, is going to either--
you're either on that
journey yourself,
or you're considering the steps
to take to be on that journey
and to be a part
of the solution.
So as I mentioned earlier,
I lived a microcosm
of what's happening in the
macrocosm here on this planet.
And I'm not going to go
into the details of that.
I'm actually currently
writing my next book
where I will share
the full story of what
I survived not because I want
to tell that story, necessarily.
I'd rather leave it in
the past where it is.
But there are, quite frankly,
millions upon millions of souls
that don't even know
that they've suffered
from similar atrocities.
And whether a soul has
physically experienced
these atrocities or not,
rape and annihilation
and genocide consciousness is
affecting every single human
on this planet.
So this book is going to
be a conversation about how
do we reconcile with
ourselves in a world that's
being torn apart by
this consciousness
through the reconciliation
with our own higher self,
our own higher self
sovereign divinity.
Because when you step into the
remembrance and the embodiment
of your sovereign divinity,
that consciousness that you are
will guide you to every
healing empowerment.
It will guide you to everything
that you could possibly
need to heal your life from the
wounding of that energy that's
frankly controlling this planet.
So it's an inside job, right?
The liberation of this
world is an inside job.
It can only happen
one heart at a time.
Well, we gotta get
those hearts moving.
We got to get a lot of
hearts on that journey
as quickly as possible
if we want a planet here
for our children and our
grandchildren that doesn't look
like some robotic
AI-driven where we
eat metal instead of real food.
And we're breathing out
of bags instead of outside
because there's just nothing
left to breathe anymore.
If you don't think that's
where we're headed right now,
I'm sorry, but you're not
reading reliable sources
of news or looking
deeper into what's being
told in the mainstream media.
We're at a pivotal moment.
So the good news that
the Sophia Dragon
Tribe as a ascended Master
High Council offers us
is that there are light
bodies from your higher self
that interface with your
human body that can protect,
regenerate, and nourish
you throughout this very
pivotal, polarized
moment in human history
where the toxicity levels on
this planet are out of control
both emotionally,
psychically, and physically.
You have to start resourcing
the technology of your own body,
the technology of
your own higher self,
your own sovereignty
and your own divinity.
So far, this current
paradigm is based on slavery.
Would you not agree?
So what is the healing to that?
It starts with S, right?
Sovereignty.
I just get chills
through my whole body.
That's the healing.
That's what all of
the distractions
are designed to keep
you from remembering,
how sovereign and free you are.
Sounds cool, OK?
Hey, I'm sovereign and divine.
[LAUGHTER] I'm nobody's slave.
It sounds like the
extraordinary good news.
But it's only the
good news if you
do something awesome with it.
Power is simply power.
It can be used for either
good or bad, right?
Machiavelli taught us that.
Your sovereign divinity
comes with another X factor
called free will.
What a bag of monkeys
that is, right?
But could you ever
really, truly know
how unconditionally loved you
are unless you had free will?
If you were only designed to
be some sort of robot that just
followed divine will without the
ability to turn away from it,
would you really know if you
were unconditionally loved?
So therein lies the crux of our
very pivotal moment that we're
living as human beings.
We are deciding by choosing
to activate our divine genome
because here we are in crisis.
We no longer have the luxury
of I'll do that next lifetime.
OK.
Will there be that
lifetime on this planet?
I don't know.
No, it's this lifetime.
It's happening now.
It's got to happen now.
All of us came to make sure
it would happen right now.
But do you see how free will
makes us really lazy sometimes?
Like we can hang out for a
long time and not do anything
that we're really
supposed to do, right?
So we've all, funny enough,
our addiction to crisis,
to evolve through crisis,
is what has gotten us
to a massive global crisis.
Does that make sense?
So in the Sophia Code, which is
a modern Mystery School where
you mentor directly with
the ascended masters, what
we discover is that we got to
get super real about our ego
structures.
We got to get--
and not about killing
our ego structures.
We got to learn how
to integrate our ego
structures with our higher self
because the higher self knows
how to soothe the ego structure.
We're not getting rid
of the ego structure.
Ego structure comes
with your human body.
It has a certain purpose
to keep you alive,
make sure you stay fed.
It's actually not
a problem when it's
integrated with your
higher self's divinity.
So it's not about making a
part of the fabric of who
you are wrong.
It's about being willing
to do the inner work
to accept the totality of you,
which most of you is divine.
And actually, your
humanity as divine as well.
It's a manifestation
of your divinity.
So in that journey--
again, sounds cool.
But when you put your
foot upon the path
of walking the way with
these ascended masters,
so much flares up from past
life wounding, present life
wounding, karmic oaths
and vows that you
may have taken, frustration.
We don't have a lot of
patience in our society
for the evolutionary
process, for
the real, authentic
inner journey that
is required to
upgrade your systems
and live through the integration
process of the upgrades.
Everybody wants to
upgrade in the activation.
But then there's
integration cycles.
Then there's periods of
rest, acceptance, compassion
for yourself.
It's a journey.
And there's no destination.
A lot of people, they're
just shopping around
for spirituality, do
not want to hear that.
Fortunately, I've
had the great honor
of working with initiates
all over the world that
do want to hear that.
They want to take this
journey within themselves
because they know there's
no way out but through.
And what's exciting
is that when we
choose to do this journey of
spiritual awakening together,
everything becomes easier.
Because when you have an
ever-growing, collective
consciousness doing
this work together,
quantum leaps can
start happening.
Residual karmic challenges that
might have been insurmountable
for you five years
ago might be actually
something you can start
approaching, maybe
this year, because 10,000
other people decided
to do their inner
work five years ago.
That's called love.
So let's take a moment and
bring our hands to our hearts
because I can't imagine there's
a single person in this room
that hasn't overcome
something really big
over the past five years.
Would you say that's
true about yourself?
Yeah, like major, right?
Yeah.
OK, so just take a minute
and close your eyes,
bowing your head to your
heart, and just say thank you.
You can say it out
loud or silently.
Thank you.
I love you.
Thank you for being an Earth
angel to so many other humans.
You led the way.
You, heart.
You were brave
enough to heal what
so many people refuse to heal.
But now they're thinking about
healing it because I healed it,
we healed it.
You're a really big deal, heart.
And just feeling how much
your heart loves to hear
about how courageous you are.
I really want to hear everyone
say out loud, I love you.
>> I love you.
>> I love you, heart.
>> You are the bravest heart.
>> I have ever met.
[BABY CRYING]
>> I'll scream it to the sky.
[LAUGHTER]
>> What a brave heart you are.
>> That baby knows what's up.
[LAUGHTER] Bless you, baby.
Thank you.
Yeah, so did that feel good?
It's a good start to
a workshop, right?
Loving yourself?
That's kind of the
root of everything.
It's kind of where
everything starts.
Anything worth doing,
anything worth having.
So in the journey
of what I survived,
I was born into a
military program,
multiple military
programs actually.
And I died multiple times.
And every time that I died,
from what I experienced,
from the brutality, the
atrocities that I witnessed,
I was taken to the Higher Realms
by these beautiful ascended
masters and these angels, my
higher self, my star family.
That might be a weird
term for some people,
but for some people in
this room, not so weird.
We are at CLE.
[LAUGHTER]
And because this
happened for 18 years,
I learned so much about
the other side of--
I learned so much
about our multiverse.
We don't even live
in a universe.
We live in a multiverse.
And there are countless
species of beings
that are just as
intelligent as we are,
if not a whole lot more, that
are out there that are actively
working for the
ascension of all beings
not just humanity
or this planet.
We get so hyperfocused on our
own species and our own planet
because we're a
little self-centered.
Just a little bit.
[LAUGHTER]
The truth is is
that there are so
many planets and star systems
and beautiful beings in form
and outside of form that
are-- that deeply care
about this multiverse.
And there's the other spectrum
too just like on Earth.
There's people that
you love to be around.
And there's people, like
I love you from over here,
sending you love from over here.
Boundaries.
And so in that journey, it
was these incredibly high
vibrational beings that
would help me repair my soul
and would also give me
ascension blueprints
and access to incredible
amount of realms,
incredible amount of
places in the multiverse
that I feel very blessed and
honored that I got to witness
and learn from.
And every time I came
back, I was coming back
with more and more information.
I didn't understand
what as I was
surviving what I was surviving
how much I was bringing back.
It was all being sort
of stored like files
in the back of my consciousness.
But as I began to work
on the Sophia Code,
I began to really understand
what I had survived
and what was given to me as
a gift from what I survived.
It became very evident
to me the purpose
of why I had to go through
what I had to go through.
And the reason why
I am sharing that
is because one of my
most favorite things
was being able to
see these angels
and being able to see
these masters of light.
But when I would come
back, what I would also see
was that there were humans,
not in my personal reality,
but there were humans
out there that I
would see from a distance that
I could see angel wings coming
out of their back.
And there would
be moments where I
would be helping other
children in the same situation
that I was in.
And then all of a sudden,
I would psychically
see angel wings on my back.
And then there would be
these angelic healings
that would come through
me for these children that
were surviving what I was
surviving because I was trying
to save them as well.
And I never talked
about this out loud.
It never occurred to me
other people might see this
or that it was something to
talk about because you just
didn't talk about any
of this where I was
and what I was surviving.
But I stored that
information for later.
And a year and a half ago, we
did a really beautiful retreat
at this gorgeous location
in Malibu, California.
And on our way there--
we were driving there--
Mother Mary came to me.
And she had never
talked to me, spoken
to me, with such an intensity.
She said, you've got to
really wake up your initiates.
You've got to really
give it to them straight.
Like you can't sugar coat
this thing anymore for them.
Like they're activated enough.
They've learned enough
about the codex.
You really need to talk to
them about what's happening
on this planet right now.
And I went, this is a
little intense, Mary.
Like wanna reel it
in a little bit?
Like all these people just
paid a lot of money to see me.
Like I don't want
to freak people out.
And she's like, no, you really--
you've really got to be clear
that there are times coming,
and for the next few years, that
are going to be really dark.
And people are really
going to need to know
how to access their light.
It's not a luxury anymore.
It's like a have to.
It's also a get to.
But it's a have to if you want
to stay sane in this game.
Are you kidding me?
I mean, this world is literally
on fire or being iced.
Either way, it's
not good for anyone,
including for the
ones who are doing it.
Let's be honest.
Talk about insanity, right?
So excuse me.
So I go to this conference.
And it was the first time-- and
it was actually, Joan of Arc
came as well.
And she also-- that's when
I knew, whoa, this is--
I knew Mother Mary was fierce.
But when Joan of Arc came
side by side with her,
I was like, wow, this
is a whole other level
that they're asking me to bring
this message into the world.
And that location
doesn't exist anymore
because it was burned down in
the Malibu fires last year.
So if that isn't--
that doesn't speak to
what Mother Mary was
speaking about only
several years ago,
I don't know what does.
So much of what's happening
right now on this planet
is not natural.
And we're not at the end of it.
We still have a ways to
go before we come clear
of these dark agendas and
really birth the new paradigm
that we all came here to birth.
So it got me thinking.
Got me thinking about
these angel wings.
It got me thinking about what is
it going to take to get humans
into the get to of our mission.
Because every day, it feels
really daunting, does it not?
The world is changing so fast.
I mean, it's a lot
to take in every day.
But the only way to stay
sane and in the game
is by dialing into
your divinity every day
and looking at this world
as the get to opportunity
of your own angelic mission.
Does that make sense?
Now if you're a real angel,
like a real live angel, who
doesn't love an
angel in human form,
would the mission
seem as daunting?
Because we believe that angels
can do anything, don't we?
Hmm.
Connecting the dots.
So that's when I realized what
Mother Mary and Joan of Arc
and Mary Magdalene were
guiding me towards especially.
They came back at the
same time last year.
And they said, you need to
start talking about wings up.
You need to start talking to
lightworkers that are truly
living angels on Earth as
many of our living angels
must be activated and in the
remembrance of who they really
are so that we
have a chance here,
a really good chance to create
the world that we really want
and that we really believe
in, which is the heaven
inside of our heart.
Everyone knows that
there-- does everyone
know that there's a heavenly
reality inside of you?
If you don't, that's OK.
But can we have a show
of hands of people who've
experienced a feeling
that there is something
so divine and heavenly?
Yeah.
That wouldn't be in
your heart if it wasn't
meant to come out of you.
Does that make sense?
You wouldn't have access to it.
And for those of you who are
like, I've never felt that.
That's OK.
It doesn't mean it's not there.
It took me years to feel heaven
inside of me, literally years.
It was because of
the Sophia Code
that I finally felt
it after everything
I had gone through, OK?
So there's no right
or wrong here.
It's just exploring
the potential
of what we already have
whether we can feel it or not.
So angels know
about heaven, right?
Yeah, that's where
they're from funny enough.
So you're just the person.
You're just the human
being for this job.
But I'll tell you what.
If you're not using your
wings, it feels a lot heavier,
does it not?
Do feathers and
wings make everything
lighter and more mobile?
It's true right?
If you hold a single
feather in your hand,
you feel the lightness of
that feather physically
and energetically.
So I would like to do an
activation of your angel wings
tonight.
Would you like that?
>> Yes.
>> Oh, good.
[LAUGHTER] And how fantastic.
So glad we're on the same page.
And so for those who are
initiates of the Sophia Code
Modern Mystery school,
I want to thank you
for all of your incredible hard
work, your spiritual maturity,
your presence, all of the ways
that you've been preparing
the way for this moment.
And I invite you to create space
for all of our Earth angels
here that are ready
to unfurl their wings.
And we've got a special LA
blinging upgrade for your wings
too.
So fear not.
OK.
[LAUGHTER]
Because angels like
to be beautiful.
And there's nothing
wrong with that.
That's a divine
feminine principle.
The beauty way is
the invitation.
When we look upon beauty,
it's an invitation to grace.
It's not about comparison.
It's not about fitting some
weird plastic patriarchal
molding.
We all know when something
is a beautiful invitation
to the sacred.
And that's what your wings are.
And they deserve to
be honored as such.
So great.
So if you have
your legs crossed,
there's nothing wrong with it.
But you probably want to
connect more to the Earth
through your feet chakra.
And you could have your
hands open so that they're
in a receptive space.
OK, great.
And I welcome the presence
of Mary Magdalene,
she of a thousand angels, to
come and be with you right now.
Now what's so fascinating
about the ascended masters
is they're so multidimensional.
Mary Magdalene can be behind
every single one of us
equally at the same time.
No one has to fight
for Mary's attention.
She's all yours.
And she's a knockout.
She is stunning.
She's the supermodel of
the ascended master world.
And she wants you to feel just
as fabulous about yourself
as she feels about herself.
That's how much she
cares about you.
Oh, good.
So the first step
that we're going
to invite Mary Magdalene to
be presenced with us here with
is the issue of unworthiness.
Angels, did you know
that some of the most
gifted, talented,
genius Earth angels
have the lowest opinions about
themselves and their talents?
I see some head nodding.
Yeah, I'm right there with you.
It's taken me a lifetime
to rebuild my self-esteem,
my sense of self-worth.
It's totally natural.
So Mary Magdalene is placing
her hands on your shoulders.
And for those
individuals who would
like to work with Jesus, her
divine masculine counterpart,
you're welcome to
bring in Jesus to be
a part of this healing with you.
There's no right or wrong here.
It's about what works for you
and your direct connection
with your source,
with your higher self,
and with these mentors.
Good, I can already
feel the energy running.
So you may begin to feel--
and if you don't feel, that's
OK, it's still happening,
I can see it, I
can promise you--
feeling the pressure of these
lovely hands of Mary Magdalene
or Jesus upon your shoulders
and just softening.
There's nothing you have
to do to prove your worth
to receive this blessing.
It's already given.
It's already here for you
like a gift on Christmas
morning all wrapped up with a
bow just because you're you.
And so you're invited by
Mary Magdalene and Jesus
to begin to feel memories,
words, any trauma, that
has taught you that you are
not worthy of your wings,
that you're not worthy
of your intuition,
your intuitive gifts, what you
can see, what you can hear.
Maybe you have special
manifestation skills
that set you apart
because you are connected
to the angelic orders,
and you are an angel,
and your life seems to go
a little bit than others,
and people get jealous of you,
and then you try to hide that.
I see some smiles.
Yeah, you can give that up
too because divine will is
for all to prosper
not just one but all.
So if you're prospering in
your gifts and your talents,
and yes, the blessings of
your physical life that
are an outpouring
of your inner life,
you're changing the
world with the goodness
that you're experiencing.
It's not about suffering
for suffering people.
It's about thriving
Does that make sense?
How are they going to know
what not suffering looks
like if you're busy
suffering alongside them?
What a drag.
Nobody wins.
So part of the
worthiness healing
is being willing to be
blessed with success, blessed
with divine communion, blessed
with your gifts to truly accept
who you are for the benefit
and liberation of all beings.
You can't get small
enough for small people
to feel big about themselves.
So one of the things I'm
hearing from Mary Magdalene
is stop hating yourself, right?
Stop the addictions
that sabotage yourself
as an Earth angel.
Stop the self-hatred.
And it can be very subtle.
Oh, what does that lady
in the red dress mean?
I don't hate myself.
Be careful.
We can hate ourselves
and sabotage ourselves
in very, very subtle ways.
Ego structure is a
super sneaky monkey.
Don't let that monkey
steal your joy.
Give it up to your higher self
right now all the secret ways.
You might not be able
to look in the mirror
and say that you
don't love yourself
or you don't accept
yourself or you're not
good enough or worthy enough.
And there's columns of light
that Mary Magdalene and Jesus
are activating around
each and every individual.
And you can begin to feel
those memories of trauma,
those statements maybe from
your parents or your neighbors
or teachers or
people, co-workers,
maybe even doctors I'm hearing,
words that doctors might have
said to you that were harmful,
someone who thought they were
in a position of power
that knew who you were--
who they thought they
knew who you were.
But they were testing you to see
if you know who you are, angel.
And just feel that
weight being lifted right
off your shoulders.
And Mary Magdalene
is filling your body
with this golden ray of wisdom.
And what does that mean?
It's because when we
give up the past traumas,
we have space within ourself
to receive the wisdom
of those experiences.
Does that make sense?
We've all learned
from our suffering.
from our wounds.
Receive the wisdom.
The angelic ray is a golden ray.
Receive the blessing
of this angelic ray,
this golden angelic ray,
filling up the places
that are releasing right now.
You don't want to leave a
space that's released empty.
You want to fill it up with
more of your own angelic light.
You may begin to feel every
cell of your body drinking
in that transmission from Mary
Magdalene, her golden ray.
Like it's a straw, every
cell in your body has a straw
and it's [SLURPING].
Yummy.
More of you for you.
Way better than the other thing.
In India, there's this
tradition that when
enlightened people
go into samadhi,
and they're drinking this
golden nectar of ambrosia
down their throat.
They're drinking
their own divinity.
And you can too.
No reason to put anybody
on a pedestal anymore.
If anything, please put
yourself on that pedestal.
Yeah, right?
Uh-huh.
All right.
So I invite you to--
OK, now that's what
we're going to do.
OK, Jesus and Mary Magdalene
and all the ascended masters
would now invite you if
you've experienced abuse,
whether it's
psychological, emotional,
whether from this lifetime
or other lifetimes,
you don't have to
understand what's happening.
Many of you have chains or
some sort of obstruction
covering your wings.
Does that make sense?
Would you like that to go now?
Would you like your
wings to come out
like a butterfly
out of a cocoon?
OK, so I'd like to
remind you that you
don't have to judge
yourself for any ways
that your wings may
have been hiding.
Up until now, that was
the safest thing to do.
For you, that was your reality.
But the truth is
these times that we're
living in it's no longer
safe to hide your light.
Do you understand?
The only thing that protects
you during these times
of such extreme darkness
is to own and claim
and embody your light
like a rock star, OK?
That's the prayer.
Be in the spotlight
of your own divinity.
And nothing can touch you
in that vibrational reality.
No mind control program.
Toxins flee.
Negative entities
and beings can't take
a hold of you or hook into you.
Does this make sense?
Yeah, that's the game plan.
We've created a global
crisis to force our hand
to our own spiritual awakening.
So if you disengage
with the need
to have this level
of an inspiration
to spiritually
awaken, and you just
choose to get on the
path of being the angel
that you came here to
be, you're no longer
engaging with that system
to spiritually wake you up.
Does that make sense?
So beautiful.
So what I invite you to do
is to allow Jesus and Mary
Magdalene-- great, I'm
already seeing it happen--
begin to lift up in those
columns of light that
are surrounding you any
chains, karmic obstructions.
You may feel like things are
being peeled off your back
and going up to the light.
You don't have to
control the process.
You don't have to do anything.
You can just receive the
divine intervention of grace.
Good.
I'm also seeing the violet
flame purifying this room.
The ascended master St. Germain
with Isis assisting you,
beautiful winged Isis is here.
And if you would like
to receive this healing
for your angel wings not
just for this lifetime
but for all of your parallel
lifetimes happening right now,
please say yes.
>> Yes.
>> There you go.
You are connected to
all of the lifetimes
you have ever lived through
the electrons of your body.
This is a Hathor teaching
from the Sophia Code.
So we send that healing
out upon the electrons
within your physical
body to all of the bodies
that you've ever walked in.
And they're not all human.
Let me tell you.
So enjoy the view.
Enjoy the movie of you.
Good.
Ooh, everybody's
getting all shiny up.
All right, angels.
We also need to upgrade
some neurological systems.
Are we OK with that?
>> Yes.
>> OK, so I'm welcoming Green
Tara and Isis joining Mary
Magdalene in this activation.
So you may feel the
presence of one or more
of them surrounding
you at this time.
I invite you through
your inner eyes
to visualize the neurology
in your body, all
those little neurons.
What do they create within you?
A tree of life.
That spinal cord is the trunk.
All of those branches branching
out through your body,
that's the superhighway
for your higher
self animating your human form.
And it's important because
there's a war going on
for that neurological system.
Does that make sense?
They want to plug
right into that.
But guess what?
What they're trying to
simulate is their own agenda
of source consciousness.
But you already have
a direct connection
to source consciousness.
Does that make sense?
You are the AI
that they're trying
to fashion themselves after.
Does that make sense?
So be who you really
are, a supercomputer
of source consciousness as
a living angel on Earth.
Show them what that looks like.
It's very, very powerful.
So we welcome that
beautiful golden light.
Remember, that
beautiful golden light
that Mary Magdalene brought
in before on your shoulders.
Beginning to allow
that to download
through your 8th
chakra, which is
about a foot and a
half above your head
all the way down through
your crown chakra,
down the back of your
neck, down your shoulders,
filling your heart,
all moving all the way
down your solar plexus, filling
your sacral chakra, your root
chakra, running up
and down your legs.
Maybe they might start to feel
warmer or even a little fiery
depending on how much
of your Kundalini
is being activated and purified.
And Mary Magdalene and
Jesus are asking for you
to visualize a coating
of golden energy
around every neuron, every nerve
ending, your spinal column.
I'm seeing a lot of injuries,
both from neurotoxins as well
as trauma in this room.
So if you're willing to
allow that angelic healing
to happen for
yourself right now,
you can just say yes, thank you.
I accept.
I receive.
>> Yes, thank you.
I accept.
I receive.
>> There you go.
Yeah.
It's actually so easy when
we're willing to believe
that these things are possible.
OK, so the weight's
off your shoulders.
The obstructions are off
the back of your wings.
Your neurological tree
of life is coated.
And there's a light
language being
downloaded for every
single person in this room.
And it's unique to every single
person based on your own soul's
code, your own soul's keycode.
And as you receive the blessings
of this light language,
which is one of the--
there are many
languages of Sophia god.
This is coming from
your Star Families.
Everyone in this room is
connected to a Star Nation.
Or you wouldn't be here.
Let's just be honest.
Like is attract
attracted to like.
It's magnetized.
We are magnetized to
each other for a reason.
So as you receive these
beautiful golden symbols
of light, maybe
just maybe you might
begin to start to feel
feathers kind of peeking out
of the back of your heart.
You have a front and a back
chakra for your heart chakra.
What's a chakra?
It's a wheel of light.
It's a technology for your body.
And you have many of them.
In the very center
of your chest is
where those front and
back chakras meet.
In the back chakra
of the heart--
I invite you to use
your imagination
if you don't feel it--
imagine feathers
beginning to peek out
of the back of your heart.
Who doesn't want feathers coming
out the back of their heart?
That's just the
coolest thing ever.
And then maybe you might
see a wing tip or even two.
Oh my god.
Here they come.
OK, one, two.
And don't worry.
Your wings might be a different
color from the person sitting
next to you.
I'm seeing a surprising
amount of blue wings
in this room, the blue
angels, special forces.
Yeah.
OK, some of you don't think
you're worthy of your wings.
That's OK.
Let's keep going.
Mary Magdalene's coming
behind those who are not--
angels, there are people in
this room that don't want
to accept their angel wings.
Can we send them
some love, please?
There we go.
OK, now when your
wings come out,
they may feel like
baby bird wings,
like I haven't used you
in a really long time.
And I feel really vulnerable.
And this feels really naked.
And is this safe?
You're in this room filled
with other Earth angels.
And I promise you
that it's safe.
The safest way to
walk with your wings
is with them all the way up.
No halfway about it.
You've got to go all the
way in with your wings.
They've got to go
all the way up.
When you are in conflict
about your light
or the technology of your
higher self in human form,
then you are prey
to psychic attacks.
Does this make sense?
The psychic attacks test
you to decide if you're
really worthy of what you got.
Does that make sense?
So you could either test
yourself again and again
with ideas that you're not
worthy of what you got.
Or you could just get
over it and get into you.
And bring those
wings all the way up.
Visualize yourself
as an archangel.
Let yourself really play here.
That's part of spirituality too.
That's why Jesus said, bring
the children onto me for theirs
is the Kingdom of God because
they see and they see clearly.
Good.
I think I see
everyone's wings up
now even with your
hard feelings about it.
I'm so proud of you.
Thank you.
We don't always have
to like our activations
to still fulfill them.
OK, great.
So we're going to take this
moment for the Sophia Dragon
Tribe, the entire High
Council, to bless your wings.
And Mary Magdalene
and Isis are coming
around the front of your body.
Isis is activating
your third eye
with an ankh, a golden ankh.
See, everyone?
Yes.
Good.
And this is for you to be able
to begin to see physically
or in your inner--
through your inner eyes
the presence of your wings
more and more every day
from this day forward.
When Isis walked the Earth
as an ascended master,
eventually her wings
became physical.
She was an initiate
of Hathor's teachings
that you can shape
shift in physical form.
And she showed that
to her students
to reveal the power
of those teachings.
There couldn't be a more
perfect ascended master
to bless your wings and bless
your ability to see yourself
clearly as an angel.
OK, I want you to
perhaps if I invite you
to move your shoulders back.
And as you roll
your shoulders back,
can you feel the weight
of your wings now?
There's this pleasant
sensation that there
is something behind
those shoulder blades
that you are now holding up
from the back of your heart.
And as you become more and
more energetically present
with this light body technology
that's literally arising out
of the back of your
heart, what you discover
is that the muscles that
hold up your energetic wings
also keep your heart open.
Why is that important?
Because every dark
agenda on this planet
wants your heart to shut down.
Does that make sense?
That's how we have so many
people on this planet walking
around like zombies
just doing whatever
is on the next advertisement.
They're shut down, pretty
much their whole body
but especially in their heart
because the heart doesn't lie.
If you can shut down the heart,
you've got willing zombies.
If you keep the heart open,
you've got a revolutionary
because the heart doesn't lie.
And it's always
going to guide you
to your highest empowerment,
your greatest good.
You're always going to be at the
right place at the right time.
I don't care what's on fire,
what landslide's happening.
You're always going
to be where you're
meant to be for both
you and your loved ones.
That's pretty
important right now.
Would you not agree?
>> Yes.
>> Yeah.
We often are afraid that
if we keep our heart open,
our heart's going to get broken.
I want to tell you
something right now.
Your heart will get broken.
Are there mothers in the room?
>> Yes.
>> How many times have your
heart broken being a mother?
Same for fathers.
Does that mean you close
your heart to your child?
Never.
That's your heart in
another person's body.
How could you, right?
Yeah.
Our heart must
stay open if we are
going to parent humanity
from spiritual infancy
to spiritual maturity.
I'm going to say that again.
Our hearts must stay
open if you and I
are going to parent humanity
from spiritual infancy
to spiritual maturity.
Spiritual infancy is
how can I get high
on the next spiritual whatever?
How many spiritual
experiences can I
have that I can get
high off of and think
I'm having some sort of
connection to the divine?
Spiritual maturity is I am
here to do my inner journey,
shine my greatest light,
unconditionally, no matter
what challenges are in my
way because I came here
to birth heaven on Earth brick
by brick, wing to wing, right?
[APPLAUSE]
Yes!
That's what spiritual
maturity looks like.
It's rolling up your
sleeves and doing your deal
to be the fullest potential
of who you came here to be
and nothing less than that.
It's not about being
a perfectionist.
But it is about
being perfectly you
and making no excuses for
who you came here to be,
bottom line.
Yeah, OK.
If we had at least 10% of
humanity doing that right now,
we would have a completely
different reality
on this planet.
But that 10% begins
with us and what
we're deciding to do as
Earth angels from this moment
forward.
So we have five minutes left.
Thank you.
Thank you, angel.
OK, so let's take our wings
for a drive or for a flight,
shall we say?
I just want to make sure
that you have an under--
oh, here's something too.
Angels, you must
practice discernment.
What did Jesus and
Mary Magdalene say?
Be as wise as serpents and
as gentle as doves, OK?
The gentle as doves is a
divine feminine invitation
to grace that we can't arm
wrestle anyone into believing
what we believe.
It always has to
be an invitation.
But the discernment
is number one,
we know when to wipe
the dust from our feet
when we're leaving a
town that can't receive
your message, your peace,
your love, your goodwill,
your generosity.
You are not a punching
bag for humanity.
Just because you came here
to be an angel for humanity,
you are not a punching
bag for humanity, OK?
So that's gonna
end for all of us.
You must be discerning
with your wings up.
You are like, you're going to
be a magnet in the supermarket.
Carts are going to
start flying at you, OK?
So what we learn about in
year two of the Sophia Code
curriculum, Divine
Feminine Christ Leadership,
we identify that Sophia
Christ consciousness,
which the angelic
ray is only one
ray of because it's a
multi-ray transmission,
the angelic ray is magnetic.
It's charismatic.
It's blinding light.
And everyone is
starving to remember
that outside of
themselves, shall
we say, because
they don't remember
that it's inside of them the
way you remember that, right?
So we had this one woman
come to our solstice event
last week in December
here in Los Angeles.
Thank you to everyone that came.
That was extraordinary event.
And she walked out
of the building
after she opened
up her angel wings.
And some guy, she came
up to the stoplight,
and some guy starts screaming
and swearing at her.
And she's like, I just
put my angel wings up.
What happened?
Why is this man attacking me?
I didn't even do
anything wrong to him.
Well, angels, your
light has come
to be the light in
the darkest of times.
I do not say that lightly.
It is the truth.
And so you must be
willing to spiritually
mature in your
discernment as well.
You're not a punching bag.
You're here to be respected.
You're not here to convince
anyone of anything.
You're here to help those
who want to be helped.
Better formula, right?
A lot of Earth angels
kind of throw themselves
in front of the
bus of a ministry.
So let's take a
moment to practice
what making your
offering to people
who want your offering
feels and looks like.
So angel wings up, feeling
your angel wings connecting
to your breath deep
within your belly.
Oh my god.
It is so stunning to see a
room full of angel wings.
Wow.
First of all, I'd
like you to feel,
or if you can't feel, again no
right or wrong, just visualize
or imagine your
wings, your feathers
brushing up against other
feathers in the room.
Feathers feel really good.
[LAUGHTER]
Great.
Now I want you to notice that
your wings are very powerful.
They're very strong.
They have very strong
muscles running up
the sides that hold up
the length of those wings.
From every feather
in your wings,
I would like for you
to think of one person
that you love very
much that you know
would receive the healing
of your angelic light, not
somebody that you wish
you could arm wrestle
into the love, someone you
know that really would receive
your love in this moment.
Oh god, this is so beautiful.
And you can pick a
color, a ray of light.
You could use-- you could work
with that golden angelic ray
of light.
And see that light radiating
out from your wings
and being directed to
that beautiful person
that you love so much.
You might see them smiling
in your mind's eye.
You might see them crying.
You might see them or feel
them saying thank you to you.
And I invite you to
thank them for receiving
your angelic light,
honoring you as an angel
here on Earth with a
very powerful mission,
feeling that connection to
their heart through your wings.
OK, now I want you to experience
how your wings can actually
come forward and bless yourself.
Curl your wings around
to face your own face.
And bring that angelic
light to your own heart.
You may begin to feel the energy
that that angelic medicine
running through your third eye
all the way down your throat
into your heart all
the way down your legs,
blessing yourself with the
power of your own wings.
Very often, Earth
angels have a lot
of difficulty
receiving the gifts
that they offer to so
many to themselves.
So this is a really big practice
that you can do every day.
Finally, there's something
that you really believe in.
There's something that's
very dear to your heart.
There's something that you may
feel very passionate about.
I invite you to direct
that same angelic medicine
from your wings to the cause.
Or there may be a
circumstance in your life
that you want to
bless and affirm
that there is a
divine will, there
is a solution beyond
your understanding,
and that your wings are
commanding that miracle
to go forward and backwards
into time to what you care
about, directing this beautiful
energy to what you really,
really care about.
Likewise, I want you
to ask your wings
to magnetize to you other Earth
angels that care just as much
about what you care about to
feel the power of your wings
now open and up so that you can
be seen and they can find you.
Let's stop being so alone.
Let's find each other, angels.
And let's start working
together, wing to wing,
and feeling the magnetism
of your feathers
calling out to theirs.
And feeling how every time you
use your wings in this way,
you stand up a
little straighter.
You feel your spine
standing up straighter.
It's actually
aligning your spine
to stay open to your direct
connection to source.
Isn't that interesting?
You're not slouching over
wondering what's the solution?
Oh my god.
There's a direct connection.
Finally to close,
I had said I was
going to share
something on the website
that I really wanted
to go deeper into.
But this felt really important.
Through the connection
of your wings,
see how high your wings can
expand up through the sky.
There is a star in the universe.
Allow your wings to
connect to this star.
There's information in
other parts of the universe
that your wings act
like antennas to connect
with across the multiverse.
What we think of
as angelic orders
from the Bible or even
other sacred texts,
many of those beings were
actually our ancestors
across this multiverse
that ascended, became
golden, ascended civilizations
that cleared all their karma,
experienced so much
liberation that they
became devoted to the ascension
of other planets and beings.
Does this make sense?
Very often when we
think of angels,
you are actually connecting with
different Star Nation lineages.
You're connecting both
to your past selves
and your future selves,
to your star ancestors.
So I'll be sharing more
about that in teachings
to come this year.
I want to thank you all so
much for this time together.
It's been-- thank you.
Thank you.
[APPLAUSE]
[LAUGHTER]
Blessings to you.
It's an honor and a privilege.
We hope to see you in
our events this year.
Thank you so much.
Namaste.
[APPLAUSE]
[MUSIC PLAYING]